
    o  #fortan split into pieces in different packages
    o   NAMESPACES??
    o   revised tframe docmentation?, demo?, unbundled?
               

                CHANGES IN DSE AND DSEPLUS VERSION 2004.?-1
 
Changes (Possibly) Affecting Users
 
    o  The NEWS file for setRNG is now maintained separately in that package.

    o  Started using separate version numbers for setRNG and syskern, but still
       using a common one for all dse and dseplus packages.

    o   moved some more documentation from the code into the help files. There
        is still some clean up to do.

    o   fixed documentation mistakes, bugs and error checking in
        simulations with user supplied random numbers.

    o  TREND in ARMA models generalized and documented better and to indicate
       that this term in ARMA models handles more than just trends.

    o  added "state" extraction utility and examples in SS, l.SS and 
       smoother documentation 

    o  added a check in seriesNames<- that the number of names matched the 
       number of series.
    
    o added \concept{DSE} in the documentation. 

Changes Affecting Development
          
    o  require(ts) and require(mva) changed to require(stats) for R 1.9.0
      
    o  continuing Makefile cleanup.

    o  moved bundle constuction to Bundle directory.


                CHANGES IN DSE, setRNG,  AND DSEPLUS VERSION 2004.4-1
 
Changes (Possibly) Affecting Users
 
    o   fixed window.default (tfwindow) warnings in vignettes
          
    o   fixed a bug in the constructor TSdata.default which prevented
        tframe and series name information from being properly used
	in the resulting TSdata object.

Changes Affecting Development
          
    o   fixed some version number tests which will not work correctly in R-2.0.


		CHANGES IN DSE, setRNG, AND DSEPLUS VERSION 2004.3-1

Changes (Possibly) Affecting Users

    o	setRNG has been unbundled from dse and is distributed as a standalone
        package, but is required by dse.
    
    o	the tframe package was reworked to avoid the need to override generic
        functions (start, end, frequency, time, and diff) in base, as this is
	not allowed in 1.9.0. New generic functions (tfstart, ...) were 
	added to look after some programming situations where the old 
	generics do not work. Users typically should not need to use these 
	methods at the command line (but may prefer to for programming). The
	method periods() was renamed tfperiods() to give a consistent naming
	convention.
	
    o	a tf (time frame) argument, which can replace start, end and frequency,
        was added to several functions.	
	
    o	start. and end. where replaced by start and end in tfwindow, tfplot, and
        simulate methods, since the code can now distinguish the function 
	start() from the variable start.
	
    o	the names of some method arguments were modified to match generic
        arguments (as caught be R 1.9.0 tools).

Changes Affecting Development

    o	makefiles were re-arranged and cleaned up.

    o	as.double() and double() calls to .Fortran changed slightly.

		CHANGES IN DSE AND DSEPLUS VERSION 2003.9-1

Changes (Possibly) Affecting Users

    o	fixed bug in fixConstants which prevented setting of arbitrary elements
        in SS models to constant (non-parameter) values other than 0 or 1. The
	documentation of fixConstants was also improved.

    o	fixed bug causing occassional seg faults in smoother.

    o	fixed bug preventing estMaxLik properly setting the estimated parameters
        in SS models (so they appeared to be unchanged).

    o	usage of random seed tightened up to correspond to R 1.8.0

    o	minor documentation errors caught by new tools() have been fixed.

Changes Affecting Development

    o	use of tools() in Makefiles has been been further refined.

    o	prcomp eliminated as version in R 1.8.0 now supports complex matrix.
    

    
		CHANGES IN DSE AND DSEPLUS VERSION 2003.6-1

Changes (Possibly) Affecting Users

    o	several more program names have been revised so as to avoid confusion 
	with methods for generics with similar names. (That is, function 
	foo.bar has been changed to fooBar, or to barFoo in some cases.)
    o	DSEversion (previously version.DSE) gives the version of 
    	each package.

Changes Affecting Development

    o	testing in Makefiles has been been further refined.

		CHANGES IN DSE AND DSEPLUS VERSION 2003.4-1

Changes (Possibly) Affecting Users

    o	dseplus which works with the previous dse changes is released.
    
Changes Affecting Development

    o	testing in Makefiles has been been further refined.
    o	test tolerances in dseplus have been adjusted for R 1.7.0 and Splus 3.3.
    o	very minor changes because of R 1.7.0 name spaces.

		CHANGES IN DSE AND DSEPLUS VERSION 2003.2-1

Changes (Possibly) Affecting Users

    o	several program names have been revised so as to avoid confusion 
	with methods for generics with similar names. For this reason, the
	new Users' Guide should be used, despite its problems.

    o	the Users' guide is (being) broken down into pieces for each 
    	package and re-written using Sweave (with .Stex files in inst/doc).
	The Users' Guide (dse-guide.pdf) is still placed in dse1/inst/doc
	as the bundle structure does not have a place for documentation.

    o	the old package syskern has been divided into setRNG which is included
	with dse and a new package syskern which is moved to dseplus.

    o	most routines have been convert to use La.svd and La.eigen in place 
    	of svd and eigen (and test values were revised slightly in some cases).

    o	DSE.HOME has been removed and .path.package is used in its place.

    o	version.DSE now gives the version of each package.

Changes Affecting Development

    o	testing in Makefiles has been revised so code (Rcode+tests) is the 
	only inter-package dependency. Examples, demos, and guides do not 
	affect other packages.

    o	reliance on bundle structure is largely removed, and Makefiles 
	have been re-organized to reflect this.
